= Heinrich Jacob Rücklos Sr.

== Transliteration from old German script

ehelicher Sohn von [empty] Rücklos und [empty].

Geboren in Rumbach, Kanton Dahn, Rein-Pfalz, Königreich Baiern, den 16
November und getauft im selben Monat 1833, confirmiert am Sonntag
Palmarum 1847. Im Frühling des Jahres 1856 wanderte er aus nach den
Vereinigten Staaten von Nord-Amerika, und nachdem er noch einmal seine
alte Heimat 1859 besucht und im darauf folgenden Jahr er wieder hierhin
zurückgekehrt war, verheirathete er sich mit Jungfrau Friderike Dauer,
geboren in Bergzabern Königreich Bayern den 17 Mai 1841, getauft im
selben Monat 1841, confirmiert am Sonntage Palmarum 1855. Anno 1860 kam
sie nach Amerika.

Kinder dieser Ehe sind:

1. Elisabetha, geboren den 14 Juli und getauft den 18 Juli 1861.
Pathen: [empty]

2. Friedrich Jakob, geboren den 2 Mai und getauft den 16 Mai
1864\. Pathen [empty]

== English Translation

Heinrich Jacob Rücklos (senior)

Legitimate son of [empty] Rücklos and [empty].

He was born in Rumbach, district of Dahn, Rein-Pfalz
(Rhineland-Palatinate), Kingdom of Bavaria, on 16 November 1833, and
baptized in the same month. He was confirmed on Palm Sunday 1847. In the
spring of 1856, he emigrated to the United States of North-America.
After he visited his old homeland once more in 1859 and returned back
here the following year, he married the maiden Friderike Dauer, who was
born in Bergzabern, Kingdom of Bavaria on 17 May 1841, baptized in the
same month of 1841, and confirmed on Palm Sunday 1855. She came to
America in 1860.

Children from this marriage are:

1. Elisabetha, born on 14 July, and baptized on 18 July 1861.
Godparents: [empty]

2. Friedrich Jakob, born on 2 May, and baptized on 16 May 1864.
Godparents [empty]
